All right.
So I'm currently on the Kickstarter home page and I'm going to go into explore to navigate to all of
the past raise a project I'm going to go to everything and undo everything I'm going to go and refine
my search and then we're going to go into advanced to search for Razor.
So here you can see you know if you want to look for live project or successful project you want to
keep it all projects amount pledged you can limit it to however much you want to look for.
But we're also going to keep that unselected and percentage raised and goal.
Similarly we're going to make this as inclusive as possible so we're going to keep those the same.
So show me raise the projects in all categories in all locations sorted by how much they were funded.
So now we've got about 149 projects that it's brought up of which the most successful was the Rockwell
t raiser.
And we're going to head into this page and we're going to start scraping some data.
So if you scroll down you can see that all the data is displayed on screen.
And we can just simply copy and paste it over to our spreadsheet.
But that's kind of tedious so I want to show you a different way of doing it.
And this will help you when you want to get data from any web site in the future not just for Kickstarter
project.
So if I highlight this part where he says the total amount pledged and I Right-Click Now if you've already
installed the chrome scraper tool then you should be able to see this scrape similar option come up
and if you click on it it will show you what is the path that I had to look at in order to show you
this data.
Now here's the interesting part.
I want to construct a query with all the columns that contains all of these bits of data.
So I'm just going to select all of this.
Copy it and then put it in here.
And that I'm going to call the total raised and then I'm going to click the little plus arrow to go
to the next column and this column I'm going to look for the goal amount.
So if we right click on this and we select scrapes similar you'll see that it'll show us the amount
pledged at the top here.
So we can select in title we can so we can select all of that and then put it into our previous window
where we had the total raised and we put that in here.
And we call that name the goal amount.
Right.
So now if you hit scrape it should show you total raised as well as the goal amount which is pretty
useful.
Now you can go through this one by one getting all of the things that you want from this web page.
So including one of the number of backers where the project was launched what category was in etc. and
once you've done what you can do is you can save it as a preset and once you give given a name and hit
save let's just call ours Kickstarter and hit save.
So now if I close this window and I go to a different page I see the second page here.
Go raiser then.
If I hit right click scrape similar I can load up my priest which is called Kickstarter and now you
can see it's already pulling in all the data that I want.
So obviously if you have more columns you'll get more data.
So this is a really easy way of scraping the data and you can hit copy to clipboard and you can paste
it in here pretty easily.
Total raised goes over here and now of course you can clean this data by just hitting a command F and
typing in pledged of a space.
And then if you hit these three dots you can replace all with nothing.
So that gets rid of that part.
You can also delete the word goal in the same way.
So I'm just going to clear that out and they have it.
That is a really really easy way of scraping data from web pages using the scraper tool.
Now we're going to head back to the slide show and I can show you some other places where you might
want to get data from.